This folder contains files pertaining to image stitching for color and thermal images in our Distributed Climate Control project
The stitching algorithms used in these files come from an OpenCV artice on Panorama Stitching by Adrian Rosebrock
Link: https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2016/01/11/opencv-panorama-stitching/

In order to use the panorama.py library, you will need to either use OpenCV 2.4X or build OpenCV 3.X from source using the opencv_cotrib module. (NOTE: If you have OpenCV 3.X you may be able to just use "pip install opencv-contrib" and have it working, but your mileage may vary). This is because every version of base OpenCV has gotten rid of its SIFT and SURF implementations, which are utilized for invariant descriptors in our code. More information here: https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2015/07/16/where-did-sift-and-surf-go-in-opencv-3/

The stitching works by first creating a homography matrix based on extracted features from both images. Based on an input to the stitch method, one image is chosen as the "base" for the stitch. The base does not change at all, and the other image is warped in order to match up correctly with the base. Features are extracted from both images using the detectAndDescribe method. Using the homography generated from this, the non-base image is warped using the cv2.warpPerspective method, and placed in a new image with double length or height of the originals. The base image is placed on one side depending on the entered orientation of the stitch.

For the stitching of our full grid of frames, we need to have left-ward stitching on the left side of images and right-ward stitching on the right. This is because, as you will observe, the warped image leaves a good amount of black space around it depending on how much is warped. If you try to stitch match keypoints with this side and another image, it results in complete failure of the stitch. To resolve this, we first stitching left-ward on the first two images (meaning that the black space is on the left side), and right-ward on the second two images in the row, such that when the two are stitched together, the keypoints match with ease. There are 4 frames on the top row and 4 frames on the bottom. Thus Once both rows are comleted, a downward stitch occurs between the two rows to complete the sequence.